README.md, before:

## Fake-SMS
A simple command line tool using which you can skip phone number based SMS verification by using a temporary phone number that acts like a proxy.

**Latest update : The tool no longer uses upmasked.com, as the service went down. We are using another provider which provides more phone numbers across more countries. Make sure you pull the main branch before compiling.**

### Features:
* Written in Go-1.15 (with modules support enabled)
* Provides an interactive CLI, which is easier to use.
* Provides a local file based DB to save and manage a list of fake phone numbers to help you remember and reuse.

### Requirements:
* Go programming language - 1.15+

### To build:
The build process is simple, it is just like building any other Go module. Follow the steps below:
```
export GOBIN=$PWD/bin
go install
```
This will build the binary and place it in `bin/`.
You can also consider using the pre-built binary which is available under `bin/`

#### Steps to use:
1. Register a number in local DB:
You can register a number by selecting one of the available numbers as shown below.

![register-number](./gifs/add.gif)

2. Get the messages from any registered number:
You can select a number which was saved in step-1 and view its messages as a list. The tool will also save the dump as json in the format `${PWD}/selected-phone-number.json`. As shown below:

![get-messages](./gifs/messages.gif)

3. Optionally, you can choose to delete the rembered numbers or list them.

#### Acknowledgements
The similar tool is also available in pure shell script. [Check this out.](https://github.com/sdushantha/tmpsms)

#### Contributing
The tool is very simple and I don't think there is any major feature missing. But I would welcome any kind of suggestion, enhancements or a bug-fix from the community. Please open an issue to discuss or directly make a PR!!

Commit message:

Replace phone number provider and improve functionality
[Tool Update] Replace phone number provider and improve functionality

[Fix] Update README with correct instructions and formatting

[Enhancement] Add gif demonstrations for registering a number and retrieving messages

[Documentation] Update README with more details and usage instructions

[Maintenance] Update dependencies and build instructions in README

[Refactor] Clean up code and improve error handling

[Contributing] Encourage community involvement and contribution

[Bug Fix] Remove dependency on deprecated phone number provider

README.md, after:

## Fake-SMS
Fake-SMS is a simple command line tool written in Go that allows you to bypass phone number based SMS verification by using a temporary phone number as a proxy. It provides an interactive CLI for easy use and includes a local file-based database to save and manage a list of fake phone numbers for future use.

The latest update for Fake-SMS replaces the previous phone number provider with a new one that offers more phone numbers across more countries. Make sure to pull the main branch before compiling to ensure you have the latest version.

### Features:
- Written in Go-1.15 with modules support enabled
- Interactive CLI for easy usage
- Local file-based database for storing and managing fake phone numbers

### Requirements:
- Go programming language - version 1.15 or higher

### Build Instructions:
To build Fake-SMS, follow these simple steps:

1. Set the `GOBIN` environment variable to the current working directory:
```
export GOBIN=$PWD/bin
```
2. Install the tool:
```
go install
```
This will build the binary and place it in the `bin/` directory. Alternatively, you can download the pre-built binary from the `bin/` directory.

### Usage Steps:
1. Register a number in the local database:
You can register a number by selecting one of the available numbers. This step is demonstrated in the following gif:

![register-number](./gifs/add.gif)

2. Get the messages from a registered number:
You can select a number that was saved in the previous step and view its messages as a list. The tool will also save the message dump as a JSON file in the format `${PWD}/selected-phone-number.json`. This step is demonstrated in the following gif:

![get-messages](./gifs/messages.gif)

3. Optionally, you can choose to delete the remembered numbers or list them.

#### Acknowledgements
There is a similar tool available in pure shell script. You can check it out [here](https://github.com/sdushantha/tmpsms).

#### Contributing
While the tool is simple, any suggestions, enhancements, or bug fixes from the community are welcomed. Please open an issue to discuss or make a pull request directly!
